Snake, like Confucius said "The cautious seldom err". If you proceed cautiously, you probably won't make a big mistake. Snake, even after you get used to the mission, don't lose your concentration.
Snake, Leo Durocher said "Win any way you can. Nice guys finish last". What about you, Snake? Is that what you think? Is there anything that you wouldn't do to stay alive? You should think about that, Snake.
Snake, there's an old Chinese saying "A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar." Einstein said it another way. He said that only a life lived for others is worth living. That's why I entered MIT instead of Princeton or Vassar like my friends. I wanted to do applied physics, not just theoretical stuff. I wanted to make things for people. The Soliton Radar System or the Codec System...I just wanted to make something that would be useful for people. I think that it was the same for Dr. Emmerich too. But he was used like a tool...used to make a horrible killing machine. Maybe it would be better if engineers like us just stopped making things... I don't know.
"O, he's a limb, that has but a disease; mortal, to cut it off; to cure it easy." Snake. You caught a cold, didn't you? Don't you think you'd better take some cold medicine at least?
"The tongues of dying men enforce attention, like deep harmony." Snake, people don't normally lie with their dying breaths. I think he was telling the truth. Maybe you should believe him.
Snake, "This sickness doth infect. The very life-blood of our enterprise." That's from Henry IV. Snake, you'd better take that coldmedicine and start feeling better. The success of this mission may depend on it.
Snake, remember what De Gaulle said "The graveyards are full of indispensable men." Snake, you're all alone and surrounded by bad guys. Try to be careful and avoid getting into a fight whenever you can. 
Snake, listen to what Lao-Tze said: "He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough." Just cause you see an item doesn't mean you always have to get it. If you don't really need it, think twice before you stick your neck out. It might not be worth it. 
Snake, in China they say, "you must cross the river before you tell the crocodile he has bad breath." You know what that means? It means the wise man avoids danger first. Use your brain to avoid traps and stay away from the enemy. 
Snake, like Shakespeare said "Nought's had, all's spent, where our desire is got without content." Basically, it means that your desire can get you in trouble if you're not careful. That goes for items too. Don't get too greedy or you might be sorry. Be careful, Snake. 
Snake, have you ever heard the saying "Friendly counsel cuts off many foes"? It means that a little bit of advice from friends can save you a lot of trouble. You should think about it. If you're in trouble or if you need some information about something, please contact Colonel Campbell or someone else. Okay? 
In my parents' homeland they say "if there are more wolves, the people are eaten; if there are more people, the wolves are eaten." That means the side with the greatest numbers is usually the winner. You're badly outnumbered Snake...try not to let them see you. 
In China, they say "Rashness brings success to few, misfortune to many." Snake, go forward when it's safe, but retreat when there's danger. You'll just have to play it by ear depending on the circumstances. 
The Chinese say "It is the strong swimmer who most often drowns." It is because the strong swimmer overestimates his abilities and underestimates the strength of the river. You are probably quite used to the mission now, but don't get careless. 
There's a Chinese proverb "the mind cannot be in two places at once." Make sure that you're not thinking of something else during the mission, okay? 
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may, old time is still aflying, and this same flower, that smiles today, tomorrow will be dying." Snake, laughter is the best medicine. You should be happy you've got enough free time to play a game. Enjoy yourself, okay? 
In Paradise Lost, Milton wrote "Solitude sometimes is best society, and short requirement urges sweet return." Is that why you came back, Snake? You got tired of your "short retirement" in Alaska, huh? 
"The proud man does not eat rotting meat even when hungry, nor steal water from another man's well when he thirsts." But...on the other hand, you were forced to steal or find every item you got, so I guess I shouldn't say that. 
In China, they say "Once the fox gets his nose in, he'll soon find a way to make his body follow." That's a perfect description of you. You can do it, Snake. But you've got to be flexible...adapt to each situation uniquely. 
"He who is firm in will molds the world to himself." Don't forget what you're here to do. You've got to seize any opportunities that present themselves. But I guess I don't have to tell you that, do I? 
Snake, Leo Durocher said "Win any way you can. Nice guys finish last." What about you, Snake? Is that what you think? Is there anything that you wouldn't do to stay alive? You should think about that, Snake. 
Snake, in China they say "When walking through a melon patch, don't adjust your sandals." That means that when things get really bad, you have to try and remember what's important. Keep things in the proper perspective, okay? 
In China, they say "The Snake, knowing itself, strikes swiftly." It means that if you have confidence that what you're doing is part of your true nature, there should be no hesitation. I don't know whether your orders are in your true nature or not. But Snake... believe in yourself! 
In China they say "It's better to live ugly than to die beautiful." I think it's true. Once you're dead, you'll never have another chance to be happy. I can't understand people who want to die before their time. Please Snake...promise me that you'll come back alive. 
Snake, don't give up. Remember Macbeth, act V, scene 3. "I'll fight, till from my bones my flesh be hack'd, give me my armor." Everyone is counting on you, Snake....You've got to do it! 
"War he sung, is toil and trouble; honor but an empty bubble." What about you, Snake? Is your honor just an empty bubble, too? 
Snake, "Come, what come may, time and the hour runs through the roughest day." We're almost out of time, Snake. Please hurry! You're the only one who can stop them from launching that nuke. 
"How do I love thee? Let me count the ways..." Have you ever heard that? It's Elizabeth Barett Browning. Oh uh...don't think too deeply about that one. I'm not sure why I said it... 
Snake! Are you smoking a cigarette!? Cigarettes are poison...they kill people. Didn't you hear what Dr. Naomi said? "He that cuts off twenty years of life cuts off so many years of fearing death." Is that why you smoke, Snake? You're too afraid of life? 